OSDOCS-6146: Fix verification steps and misc copy edits (#60414)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/microshift-config-nodeport-limits.adoc

[id="microshift-nodeport-range-limits_{context}"]
= Extending the port range for NodePort services

The `serviceNodePortRange` setting extends the port range available to NodePort services. This option is useful when specific standard ports under the `30000-32767` range need to be exposed. For example, if your device needs to expose the `1883/tcp` MQ Telemetry Transport (MQTT) port on the network because client devices cannot use a different port.

[IMPORTANT]
====
NodePorts can overlap with system ports, causing a malfunction of the system or {product-title}.
====

Consider the following when configuring the NodePort service ranges:

> * Do not create any NodePort service without an explicit `nodePort` selection. In this case, the port is assigned randomly by the `kube-apiserver`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Do not create any NodePort service without an explicit `nodePort` selection. When no explicit `nodePort` is specified, the port is assigned randomly by the `kube-apiserver` and cannot be predicted in advance.
```
